Okay, so we're trying to make a like a tabletop sort of card-based simulation thing to basically play out a game about how AGI might play out in the economy. But what I really want your help in building is the, is a basically this GitHub repo, which will be able to use the GPT API to simulate into like basically create these cards, these policies, these outcomes, things like that, create all the text on them, the imagery for the cards, these horizontal cards. And a very nice, like maybe a web-based GUI to actually like play the game. Ideally, it should also be printable, but anyways, your job is not to code that repo. So basically, the overall flow I'm thinking is there's basically two types of these horizontal cards. And this would be played with like policymakers or things like that. And one type is... policies which they control, and they get like dealt some policies, and after every round, they get some more or whatever in their hand, or in their hands, if they each have distinct roles. And the definitely like, anyways, and then the other one is outcomes, or something like that, you come up with a better name, or like, you know, the state of affairs or whatever. And basically, the main gameplay loop is, first, they're presented in like the stage zero, like right now, today, what are some realistic like descriptions of what AI is doing today slash in the very, very near future, like in the economy and society and geopolitics, that sort of thing. And so these cards, there'd be a set of them for what's going on today, and there'd be different like outcomes that for like different stages of the game, this should be something tunable in the GitHub, like the generation pipeline, like, you know, how many stages there are. And so like the first stage would be like relatively, you know, just kind of grounded in what's currently being observed or seen in the research and stuff like that. And those could look like different things. Default dealing should be tracked in the GUI and config: policies start with 10 randomly dealt, 5 more after each stage, and max 3 policies can be played per stage. Developments are 5 per stage (3 face up, 2 face down); the face-down cards flip at the next stage and 5 more are dealt the same way (powerups can change this). The GUI must be flexible to manual dragging/drawing from decks and accommodate power cards or house rules. The idea would be some number of those would just get like dealt face up, like maybe like Like, I don't know, four or five are delta face up, maybe zero, one, or two are delta face down. And the idea is, the people, they decide on, let's just say, a maximum of three or five, but I don't know, you'll need to fill in the gaps or make these things tunable. They decide on policies that they think make sense to play at that moment, kind of based on what they think is gonna happen going down the line and in reaction to those, like, current situation outcome cards. And then the gameplay loop would be that we would decide, like, kind of the facilitator and them together decide, like, okay, which of these, so each outcome thing would have, like, what's the description of that outcome, like a title, a short description of what's going on, and then some, like, maybe like three up green arrows on the card if it's like, you know, a really good thing, and then two down red arrows if it's a fairly negative sort of thing. Given this should be realistic, I think most things should probably be green and up, but anyways, this would be like, these would be generated by a prompt. And anyways, the idea would be that you would choose, you basically would, like, choose your policies and put them down, the ones that you're gonna play up to some limit or whatever, and... You would basically drag the outcome cards that you think are addressed by the policies and just like flip them over and put them behind the policies that addresses them or whatever. And like the idea of the game is you want to basically preserve as many of the positive outcomes while mitigating the negative outcomes, basically, by getting them off the board by playing the policies that address it. And so the idea would be that you do that once and then it's the next round, which is like those face down policies are turned over. It's based on outcomes, the ones that were face down from the previous round, and you draw a new, but from the like stage two deck, like where now AI is further along and they get more serious in both directions. Again, mostly positive, but like, you know, in both directions. And the idea would be, now you have a new set of things more serious to address. Now, the complexity comes that like some of them would have been already addressed by existing policies, in which case you can immediately pull them out and put them under that policy because they were addressed by that. Some will counteract things from the previous round. So some things will say things that are contradictory to the previous one, which means you put them over the previous outcome. Like if there's already an outcome there, you drag this and put it over the previous one because it supersedes whatever was said there for whatever reason and is now like that one should just be ignored. Some will like have like some sort of power-up aspect to it, like, you know, something in speaking to like AI adoption or like, you know, or like, you know, there's a research acceleration or deceleration capabilities, advancement, and that means like, you know, draw, you know, two fewer cards on the next turn or draw two extra cards right now from the next deck or whatever, you know, something like that. And or some of the outcomes will be like, if X policy has been implemented, only if like a policy in this kind of area has been implemented, this card comes into effect or something like that. Anyways, and then this loop continues. Now you draw some new policies, you play policies you think you need to try to address some of the outcomes, drag the ones you think that are addressed under the policies and keep continuing until the final stage, which is like much more, much more and more advanced, like serious AI and AGI type stuff and having much more serious stuff in the world and huge impacts in the economy. Anyways, so it's really important is one, that this is a tunable GitHub thing that can generate these cards based on different parameters, like it should be able to do it generally with really good prompts to generate policies and to generate outcomes. Obviously the outcome generation step, all these prompts should be parallelized and passed to the GPT API. The generation step should account for Like, you know, maybe do one stage all at once, but then the next stage should have the previous stage in context to make sure it's going more advanced and like a natural progression of AI capabilities from there. As I said, like that real diversity of cards, like have a few that are just like going to be there, like this like research acceleration, research deceleration capabilities or something like that. They are well thought out and maybe a few other like interesting powers in that way, things that react to specific policy categories. That can be a little bit generic category. And like, for example, some cards could be as like boring or simple as like, oh, productivity growth is X, and then maybe later on you get a higher productivity growth and that supersedes a reason. But many of them will be more descriptive and require some interpretation of what's going on. So it could be statistical to be that. It should be a diversity and like they should really be in the prompt made to be mece and each outcome/policy in different directions from one another. Also make sure the prompts explicitly incorporate concrete policy archetypes (e.g., Sovereign Compute Initiative, Power Infrastructure Investment, Offensive Cyber Capabilities, Audit Training Data, Ban Automation in X, Universal Basic Income, Wealth Tax, AI company tax, employment schemes) and development examples across stages (e.g., Uplift in Coding Productivity, Public Fear [low/moderate], AI Research Acceleration powerups, Job Loss at **10%** unemployment) to ensure breadth and realism. important that this is customizable, in the jinja templates for the prompts, you can pass through optionally specific scenario stuff, like this is specifically for the uae policymakers, and some cards will remain genericish but most are specificish to that that situation. the generation process/pipeline should be very tunable, saves everything nicely to a folder, loads from saved stuff well, etc. it should generate everything, using parallelization as much as possible. probably generate all policies on reasoning high (but make this tunable, as well as the gpt model slug), then all stage 0 outcomes, then all stage 1 with policies and stage 0 in context, etc. prompts must be great at creating a realistic and balanced and interesting sim. each policy should come with title, short description, cost, timeline to get up and running, and impact score like out of 5. outcomes should also have a little metadata. design the powerups smartly etc. after all cards are written out, then parallelize all in batches of 150 to the gpt image api to generate horizontal game cards for each. allow uploads of reference policy and outcome cards to model the design after -- if not provided, generate one of each then use that as the reference for the others in parallel. in your instructions, carefully research and detail how all these api calls work and specifics of using those apis based on current docs. overall fill in the blanks and give a detailed instructions for codex to build the entire game in codex, both the main generation step to build the decks, and a semi-separate pretty gui (maybe web based/local web based idk?) to play the game with all the mechanics working (don't combine the two, assume a folder or something has all the generated cards/pngs of cards etc in the format you decide and that is being used). you need to make a lot of design choices to be smart and creative and good for a great balanced sim in the structure, what the prompts should say, design of the repo, etc
Yeah, consider using like structured outputs and or JSON mode to make sure that like all the fields are populated correctly. Make sure the images can also be conditioned on that same like optional additional statement, like if it's specified to be UAE-based, like then the imagery could also reflect some of that. The, and you'll need a good image prompt anyways to make sure the cards are nice and horizontal, transparent backgrounds, like that. Make sure that it would be pretty easy to export this in some way to basically print them all as actual cards, like horizontal, like nice cards in a nice card-based game. Yeah, and just really think through everything that's going on here. And preserve as much optionality when generating stuff, et cetera. feel free to go in a different direction from what i have said where you see fit
